You already learned a lot about nodejss and how to build amazing applications with it and the
express framework that builds up on nodejs.
You learned a lot about reaching out to databases, handling requests, sending responses, rendering templates,
working with files, a lot of crucial things that you will need for any node application you're going
to build.
Now I want to move away from one important thing that we always did thus far and that's the rendering
of templates with ejs.
It's a common thing to do that in a lot of node applications but there also is a very popular alternative
kind of or a very common other kind of node application that you will work with or that you will build
as a web developer
and that are rest
APIs. Now in this module, you will learn what exactly rest APIs are, why you would use or build
them instead of the classic node express application that we built thus far where we rendered views.
You will learn what the core rest concepts and principles are and we'll build our first rest API in
this module too.
So let's dive in and let's understand what rest APIs are and why we would well use them.